I'm Molly bloom do you know about me
unless your indictment after I got your
call that night and I bought your book
do you understand that you are charged
with operating an illegal gambling
business
are you taking me on to the clay I think
I can convince my brothers that they can
fly on the poet process if you think a
princess can do it I did you're
incorrect I'm getting it you don't think
much of me but what if every single one
of your ill-informed unsophisticated
pinyon smelling alone be amazed this is
the true story except for my own I've
changed all to me and Molly my weekly
poker games moved to the cobra life
you'll help run it I'm in Rome with
movie stars directors and business
Titans they were going all in all the
time thank you all for you thank you so
much
[Music]
I'm going to start paying my assistant
fine but no firing games gonna stop
paying you get paid once a week from the
game it doesn't seem clear you're gonna
stop paying because I'm making too much
money doing life special job and if I
say no lose both jobs because it doesn't
seem fair
you have bargaining power here you are
unimportant you know any witches would
burn a sale how many none but in burn
witches it's a myth they hang them the
humiliation had given way to blinding
anger at my powerlessness I wasn't going
to wait before I put a plan in place
I'll be hosting a game in this fleet
every Tuesday night first buy in 250,000
that's going to make 9 but spent 8 years
in Hollywood and 2 years in the or
finding the world's most exclusive and
decadent mancave have you seen the other
names in your indictment come on Molly
just out deep into the Russian mob were
your exposures crazy and get 2.8 million
on the street right now you're going to
get blown up we managed to build a
multi-million dollar business using not
much more your wits I've got to be
charged in federal court well nobody's
perfect
there's a new offensive complete
immunity hand over the heart rack up on
the project family slides careers will
be ruined
why you in this alone where are the
people you're protected by not to the
whole story I'll tell them everything
they want to know about me about me